#summary Instructions on installing to your web hosting service.
#labels Instructions

= Step 1 =

Unzip file contents into your hard disk (C://) and make sure that all contents are within the single directory called "cloudosys."  The directory structure should look like this:

C://cloudosys/setup/install.php
C://cloudosys/index.php
C://cloudosys/ <- all other files and directories must be relative to this directory.

for example, some file found in the directory will be C://cloudosys/main.php

It is important that the rest of the files are in this directory structure as structured in the .zip file.

incorrect:   C://cloudosys/cloudosys/setup/install.php
incorrect:   C://somedirectory/cloudosys/setup/install.php

Correct: C://cloudosys/setup/install.php

also, make sure all the contents of Cloudosys DO NOT fall below as any subdirectories other than the C://cloudosys directory.


= Step 2 =

Above directory structure must be place exactly the same way on your server.

Upload the above directory (cloudosys) to your top level directory on your hosted server.

correct: http://www.yourdomain.com/cloudosys/setup/install.php

Wrong: http://www.yourdomain.com/somedirectory/setup/install.php

= Step 3 =

After transferring all files to your server through FTP, run setup by heading this link to the install.php script, on your browser.

It must look like this: http://www.yourdomain.com/cloudosys/setup/install.php

= MySQL =

During setup, step 1/3, you will be asked the following:

Hostname: _____________
 * Hostname to your database.

Database: _____________
 * database name is set to "cloud_db" by default. (recommended)

Username: _____________
 * Username to access your database

Password: _____________
 * Password to your database

Domain: _____________
 * your domain address. EXCLUDE the protocol http://
 
 * Example: if your domain is http://www.mydomain.com, then only input www.mydomain.com

 Below is a list of correct/incorrect configuration settings.
 
 * incorrect: http://www.mydomain.net
 * incorrect: http://www.mydomain.net/cloudosys/

 * correct: www.mydomain.net
 * correct: www.mydomain.biz
 * correct: mysubdomain.mydomain.com
 * correct: www.123.co.uk

Space Limit: _____________
 * set a space limit to allow each visitor use to upload file. 
 * setting 100MB will give User A 100MB of space to work with.

If anything is unclear, feel free to comment below.  I will remove any comments once I make changes to the Wiki. 

Thanks!